Let's try to do our update here.
It got executed.
So let's take a look. This is going to be a very fast update,
and I'll show you why.
We're getting an error. This is the first time we actually
got to execute and we're getting an error here in the console.
So let's see what happens.
If we go to Events,
it's going to tell you UdacityProject - PUB1 - SN is already exported by another stack.
That's very interesting.
This is the kind of error that you want to be paying attention to.
What this means is there's another stack that
has the exact same environment name variable.
So when I try to do this, it says, "Hey,
I can't explore this because this is
a global export variable and it's already clashing with something else."
Remember, we're trying to communicate with other stacks,
with other CloudFormation stacks that we're going to be creating in the future.
So because this value is shared globally across your AWS account,
you have to have a completely unique names.
So the way we solve this in a more efficient way,
I will say the quickest way,
it will be by going
to the environment name variable that we have our parameter and changing that.
So let's do that right now. So we'll go to our parameters.
You see, we call it the UdacityProject.
Let's just add the word demo here and it's safe.
That should do it. That will make the values here completely unique.
Because now we're going to have you UdacityProjectDemo,
public subnets, UdacityProjectDemo, private subnets, and so on.
Let's go take a look. We're going to refresh this.
Says in progress. Now, it says complete.
This time it worked really fast,
and the reason is we're just creating output values.
We're not creating any resources.
We just did a little thing.
Now, we can go to the output section here and verify that we have
all these values that are accessible from all their script.
These are basically what you would call public variables in a programming language,
or global variables that you can access from anywhere.
This is the same case here.
This is the private subnet.
This is one of those joins that I mentioned.
Well, you have the subnet id comma and another subnet id.
This is shared as UdacityProjectDemo -PRIV - NETS,
which is just referring to the private subnets.
This concludes our section regarding networking foundation.
If we go to our reference graphic,
we have everything we need from the point of network infrastructure.
So now we're going to go into the server creation process.
We can actually deploy server and services in our Cloud.